README.md, before:

# 🧶 The Crochet Nook

## 🏗️ User Experience

### **Project Overview**  
The Crochet Nook is a web platform where users can share, explore, and engage with crochet projects.  

### **Goals & Challenges**  
- Create a user-friendly space for crochet enthusiasts.  
- Allow easy uploading and sharing of projects.  
- Ensure a secure and engaging community.  

### **Target Users**  
- Beginner to expert crocheters.  
- Users looking for inspiration and tutorials.  
- People who want to showcase their crochet work.  

### **Research & Testing**  
- Surveys and feedback from crochet communities.  
- Usability testing for site navigation and features.  

### **Content & Features**  
A breakdown of the core functionalities available in The Crochet Nook.  

---

## ✨ Main Features

### **User Stories**  

#### **User Authentication & Profiles**  
- As a user, I want to create an account so that I can access and contribute to crochet projects.  
- As a user, I want to log in and log out securely so that my account remains protected.  
- As a user, I want to reset my password in case I forget it so that I can regain access to my account.  
- As a user, I want to update my profile information (if profiles are implemented) so that I can personalize my experience.  

#### **Project Uploads & Management**  
- As a user, I want to add a new crochet project with images and text so that I can share my work with others.  
- As a user, I want to edit my crochet projects so that I can make corrections or updates.  
- As a user, I want to delete my crochet projects so that I can remove content I no longer want to share.  
- As a user, I want to categorize my crochet projects so that others can easily find them.  

#### **Browsing & Filtering**  
- As a user, I want to browse crochet projects so that I can find inspiration.  
- As a user, I want to filter crochet projects by category and difficulty level so that I can find patterns that match my skill level.  
- As a user, I want to search for crochet projects by keywords so that I can find specific patterns or techniques.  

#### **Engagement & Interaction**  
- As a user, I want to like crochet projects so that I can show appreciation for others' work.  
- As a user, I want to comment on crochet projects so that I can ask questions and give feedback.  
- As a user, I want to delete my own comments so that I can remove anything I no longer want to say.  
- As a user, I want to see how many likes and comments a project has so that I can gauge its popularity.  

#### **Admin & Moderation**  
- As an admin, I want to manage users so that I can ensure a positive community experience.  
- As an admin, I want to delete inappropriate projects or comments so that the platform remains safe and friendly.  

---

## 📌 Site Structure  

### **Navigation Flow**  
- How users move between different sections of the site.  

### **How Users Move Through the Site**  
- Explanation of the user journey from browsing to engaging.  

---

## 📐 Wireframes & User Flow  

### **Wireframes**  
_(Include screenshots or links to wireframes here.)_  

### **User Flow Diagram**  
_(Include a visual representation of how users navigate through the site.)_  

---

## 🎨 Design & Branding  

### **Fonts & Colors**  
- Soft, pastel colors for a warm and welcoming aesthetic.  

### **Images & Visuals**  
- High-quality project images with clear descriptions.  

### **Accessibility**  
- Ensuring text contrast, alt text for images, and keyboard navigation support.  

---

## 🗄️ Database & Backend  

### **Data Structure & Relationships**  
- Breakdown of the database schema and models.  

### **User Accounts & Security**  
- How user authentication and security are handled.  

---

## 🔧 Technology & Tools  

### **Languages & Frameworks**  
- Python, Django, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  

### **Hosting & Deployment**  
- Hosted on Heroku with PostgreSQL for database management.  

---

## 🛠️ Testing & Development  

### **Bug Fixes & Solutions**  
- Known issues and how they were resolved.  

### **Future Improvements**  
- Planned features and enhancements.  

---

## 🚀 Getting Started  

### **How to Install & Run the Project**  
1. Clone the repository:  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/louisesykes198/The-Crochet-Nook.git
   cd The-Crochet-Nook

Commit message:

Add desktop view images for the wireframes

README.md, after:

# 🧶 The Crochet Nook

## 🏗️ User Experience

### **Project Overview**  
The Crochet Nook is a web platform where users can share, explore, and engage with crochet projects.  

### **Goals & Challenges**  
- Create a user-friendly space for crochet enthusiasts.  
- Allow easy uploading and sharing of projects.  
- Ensure a secure and engaging community.  

### **Target Users**  
- Beginner to expert crocheters.  
- Users looking for inspiration and tutorials.  
- People who want to showcase their crochet work.  

### **Research & Testing**  
- Surveys and feedback from crochet communities.  
- Usability testing for site navigation and features.  

### **Content & Features**  
A breakdown of the core functionalities available in The Crochet Nook.  

---

## ✨ Main Features

### **User Stories**  

#### **User Authentication & Profiles**  
- As a user, I want to create an account so that I can access and contribute to crochet projects.  
- As a user, I want to log in and log out securely so that my account remains protected.  
- As a user, I want to reset my password in case I forget it so that I can regain access to my account.  
- As a user, I want to update my profile information (if profiles are implemented) so that I can personalize my experience.  

#### **Project Uploads & Management**  
- As a user, I want to add a new crochet project with images and text so that I can share my work with others.  
- As a user, I want to edit my crochet projects so that I can make corrections or updates.  
- As a user, I want to delete my crochet projects so that I can remove content I no longer want to share.  
- As a user, I want to categorize my crochet projects so that others can easily find them.  

#### **Browsing & Filtering**  
- As a user, I want to browse crochet projects so that I can find inspiration.  
- As a user, I want to filter crochet projects by category and difficulty level so that I can find patterns that match my skill level.  
- As a user, I want to search for crochet projects by keywords so that I can find specific patterns or techniques.  

#### **Engagement & Interaction**  
- As a user, I want to like crochet projects so that I can show appreciation for others' work.  
- As a user, I want to comment on crochet projects so that I can ask questions and give feedback.  
- As a user, I want to delete my own comments so that I can remove anything I no longer want to say.  
- As a user, I want to see how many likes and comments a project has so that I can gauge its popularity.  

#### **Admin & Moderation**  
- As an admin, I want to manage users so that I can ensure a positive community experience.  
- As an admin, I want to delete inappropriate projects or comments so that the platform remains safe and friendly.  

---

## 📌 Site Structure  

### **Navigation Flow**  
- How users move between different sections of the site.  

### **How Users Move Through the Site**  
- Explanation of the user journey from browsing to engaging.  

---

## 📐 Wireframes & User Flow  

### **Wireframes**  

My website's wireframes serve as a basic framework for organising and arranging its overall design. 
They ensure a well-organised layout that improves user experience by offering a clear visual guidance for creating each page. 
The wireframes outline out important components like navigation, content placement, and interactive features, 
which helps to expedite the design process and guarantee a logical, user-friendly flow throughout the website.

#### Desktop Wireframe 

![image](docs\desktop-registration-page.png)

![image](docs\desktop-login-page.png)

![image](docs\desktop-homepage.png)

![image](docs\desktop-project-page.png)

![image](docs\desktop-edit-page.png)

#### Mobile Wireframe 

![image](docs/mobile-view.png)

#### Tablet and iPad Wireframe 

![image](docs/ipad-view.png)


### **User Flow Diagram**  
_(Include a visual representation of how users navigate through the site.)_  

---

## 🎨 Design & Branding  

### **Fonts & Colors**  
- Soft, pastel colors for a warm and welcoming aesthetic.  

### **Images & Visuals**  
- High-quality project images with clear descriptions.  

### **Accessibility**  
- Ensuring text contrast, alt text for images, and keyboard navigation support.  

---

## 🗄️ Database & Backend  

### **Data Structure & Relationships**  
- Breakdown of the database schema and models.  

### **User Accounts & Security**  
- How user authentication and security are handled.  

---

## 🔧 Technology & Tools  

### **Languages & Frameworks**  
- Python, Django, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  

### **Hosting & Deployment**  
- Hosted on Heroku with PostgreSQL for database management.  

---

## 🛠️ Testing & Development  

### **Bug Fixes & Solutions**  
- Known issues and how they were resolved.  

### **Future Improvements**  
- Planned features and enhancements.  

---

## 🚀 Getting Started  

### **How to Install & Run the Project**  
1. Clone the repository:  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/louisesykes198/The-Crochet-Nook.git
   cd The-Crochet-Nook
